(Third shooting in desert of US )
Kim Lip: The schedule in the US is not easy. The weather is very hot.
JinSoul: You know, a desert is very hot.
JinSoul: So it’s not that bad to walk around on in!
(The positive girls in the middle of the dessert!)
Kim Lip: I’m wearing a school uniform.
Kim Lip: My lips and eyes are becoming dry.
Kim Lip: It’s too dry here, right?
Choerry: Fighting!
NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/ODD EYE CIRCLE - LOONATIC"
JinSoul: The scenery here is so beautiful but there are so many thorns.
JinSoul: Lip and Choerry were pricked.
(Didn’t expected that getting pricked by a thorn…)
Choerry: Oh… my…
(Thorns of a desert pricked their skin constantly)
(Extreme heat, dryness, thorns, and desert wind… Such a bad conditions…)
(But Kim Lip, JinSoul, and Choerry did their best to the end!)
Choerry & Kim Lip: Fighting!
JinSoul: Fighting~